All right welcome back my students.
The Last Lecture we created a database with bloated files.
I mean we did a lot.
We compressed the files.
I mean we did a lot right and I show you even how to get a really huge discount we go daddy.
It was a really good lecture I believe so.
So anyway let's go to our panel here.
Let's go back here and let's refresh and we've got these new archived zip that's the files that we downloaded
from our my computer.
So I'm going to extract this and it's extracted.
Now if I refresh reload again which you have all these files in there and we can delete this we don't
need it anymore.
There we go.
Now go back to that application and the application should be located in my domain.
And then logging on this core app.
All right.
So the domain that I got is on would be Edwyn code college dot com forward slash Logan underscore app
enter now saying that it cannot connect to the database of course.
And because as you know we don't have the right information here right the right stuff the right configuration
for the data.
So let's go in an inside functions.
Let's look for IDB that BHP is right click it lets you just do a call edit and edit and then we're going
to change the configuration here a little bit.
All right.
So we got our text file somewhere.
All right we've got the database name right here.
We've got the logging user so we're going to grab the user first and we're going to replace that route
with a low end user and we got to replace the database name.
Actually the passwords and that's one password.
Copy that based right here in the middle.
And what else.
Now that made almost in the middle.
And then our logging database name right here pasted in there.
All right.
And then save it.
Come back here.
That's it.
We're loggin right.
Beautiful.
So that's the Logan.
This is the home page.
We need to go to Logan So we probably need some type of link here that will allow us to log in.
Right.
But anyway let's go to Logan up here each week and we can see that we have our logo here intact.
Let's actually actually try to do this now let's say one and then that in the last password was Edwin.
And then we can go and say logon and now is same mice who are no rows are expecting one parameter to
be a result.
So we have some type of problem here where I've known roles only 9 9 on the DBI copy HP.
So let's go back here and let's inspect that real quick.
Where is it lying nine.
These are all count and we're now getting resold from this real count.
All right.
And that's in Logan.
We didn't have that problem when we are doing it within our
functions right here let's check it out real quick.
Roll it up BHB.
And we do one here and we do and we do it when we don't have that problem.
All right.
So we've got to look to see what the problem is.
Let's go back
in that resoled roll count.
So we are actually making a query somewhere and this is now working.
All right we've got to debug that problem.
Our credentials are not correct.
That's what he's saying there but one and one.
And of course we don't we don't we don't want to keep this error display for everybody.
So chances are you already don't you don't have any display by by default.
I haven't displayed by default because I already created a file in my root directory and if I go here
to or my home actually in the home to squelch the amount the root directory you're going to see a file
called BHB.
I know that I got right here.
And if you check it you're going to see that I have some calling here desk because God lets me do that.
So if I take this code out and I take the lead HP I-9 then those areas will not show.
All right.
So you probably don't have to zero by by default.
I have them.
All right so we get it fixed is we going to see where the problem is.
The problem here is when we are trying to log in we're not getting a result from my school I know the
rules and this is has to be probably in that logging functionality.
So let's go back
to our panel and our logging app real quick.
And let's see if we can fix this in his video.
And let's go to functions and right here let's call it and let's go to logons where we log in they use
a register the user activate the user validate the user right here.
All right I think it's got to be somewhere here
so ero counts rockhound right here in Salt.
So this is the only place we use a row count.
All right.
Saying that we are not getting a result from here
what we got to do is we got to go back to that functionality here and we got to see
so from Querrey
we returning resoled here but we're not really assigning any results.
All right so that's not working there.
So we need to assign every saw to this query and then return it right.
So that's the whole reason why that might not work.
So resoled and then we confirm it here and then we return the result.
And that's good that we all we have in this place here.
That way we can.
All right.
Well it's all right that should work now.
So let's say they now confirm the result and then we return it.
All right let's check that out now.
Answer one and let's do one Antar where we fail.
OK.
Now we're getting through.
So it's saying that the table my logging app users does doesn't exist.
All right my my table my logging app on discoid the
end users doesn't exist.
OK so we don't have a table there.
That's what he's saying.
So we need to agree we need to import that table that's something that we are forgetting.
So we need to go back to our panel.
Let's see if we can get back from there and
click and return home I click return home with our page.
I was going to take me to my person I that's why I moved the screen.
So we need to have that user's table.
Let's go to BHB my admen
right now that we have that our database is going to look for it right here my logging app on that score
D-B and we're going to create that.
Actually we're not going to create it and we're going to import that table.
That table should be in our desktop logging on the score D-B remember that logging on the Square-D be
that as well.
And that's the extension that as well.
All right.
And then you click go and that's beautiful.
That is beautiful.
Now we should get this working.
So now we go to our site again.
Enter.
That's what we were getting in error.
I'm glad that we got the error there so we can fix that in that Querrey.
All right.
I can take that off so we can fix this here.
I'm glad.
All right.
So let's go back here and let's just say Edwin and Logan we are logging now so everything is working
perfectly now.
Beautiful.
We logged out.
All right.
So in the next elections we're going to test some of them are we going to test some of the functionality
like the forgotten password and we're going to make sure that we're getting e-mails.
All right.
So we got this working now let's get to work and validation with the e-mails.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.